hello and welcome back to where's my
gaming today I'm with Matt and Luis as
usual and we are playing some more
minigames and Taylor Blaine
don't break the ice so guess what don't
break the ice
I think this game's gonna be a ice
breaker so it's a split kind of game
obviously it's always fun when it's free
of us because you can see two people
eating one puzzle but you know the
Heisei so game mode classic so click
this one to joined only players in the
lobby can stop the game and exit ok so
let's start the game I don't even know
how we play this I don't know I'm do so
don't bring my pickaxes oh wow oh Jesus
that was close man oh my god the line is
the winner
yeah because me and you because we left
Matt alone and mean you went free yeah
they make the hole too big I like you
were walking backwards and I try to
sneak up behind you and I put one down
80 but the hole is so big that I just
fell in it as well right ok
oh I'm just staying away from each other
now hey hey
never again oh I can watch you from up
here you both fell at the same time
there but match still one living yeah on
my screen you both fell in a hole at the
same time at one times and arrived there
again it does say don't break the ice so
the game says just don't break yards
oh I didn't see I just moonwalked into
it myself but I run away Matt oh yeah
look can you see me up here I'm watching
you up there
hello oh can you not see me why I see I
can see all right fight you're gonna go
that one little oh my god man
oh my god Oh does the hole get figure
everytime is that the idea excuse me
Matt you're screwed oh man this games
good I like this one it's good cuz I've
seen you don't know how far is gonna how
much it's gonna go I'm terrible at it
and I've gone out first like every time
I like it no yeah
Oh going straight away Oh would you okay
oh my god finally won again yeah Matt
only one continue were killing each
other like no how do you survive that
backwards yeah he did so did I and I was
in the middle but into a hole just come
off yeah the idea is to literally just
alienate your say I actually enjoyed
that more for going to so uh we end it
with a firework and if the firework over
bang Wow watching and make sure life and
subscribe if you know any mini games
wants to play we'll definitely take them
out they're always fun quick when
they're bad they're really fun